[14.0][MIG] account (#2741)
OCA/OpenUpgrade: openupgrade_scripts/scripts/account/14.0.1.1/upgrade_analysis_work.txt

obsolete model report.account.report_agedpartnerbalance [abstract]
# NOTHING TO DO: moved to enterprise

new model account.reconcile.model.line
new model account.reconcile.model.line.template
# DONE: post-migration: create line records from parent model

new model account.tax.report
# DONE: post-migration: create parent records from line model

new model account.group.template
new model account.reconcile.model.partner.mapping
# NOTHING TO DO: new models

new model account.resequence.wizard [transient]
new model account.tour.upload.bill [transient]
new model account.tour.upload.bill.email.confirm [transient]
new model report.account.report_invoice [abstract]
new model sequence.mixin [abstract]
# NOTHING TO DO: abstract and transient models

---Fields in module 'account'---
account      / account.account          / _order                        : _order is now 'is_off_balance, code, company_id' ('code')
account      / account.account          / is_off_balance (boolean)      : NEW hasdefault, isfunction: function, stored
# NOTHING TO DO: new field added to filter accounts.

account      / account.account          / allowed_journal_ids (many2many): NEW relation: account.journal

> # NOTHING TO DO: New feature. In v13 you selected the allowed accounts form the journal form, now you can select the allowed journals from the account form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DONE: renamed many2many table. In v13 you selected the allowed accounts from the journal form, now you can select the allowed journals from the account form
```

Reviewer 2: oh, not really, don't be confused :S

In `account.journal` you still have `account_control_ids = fields.Many2many('account.account', 'journal_account_control_rel', 'journal_id', 'account_id', string='Allowed accounts'`, which this field already existed in v13 (but the table changed and was renamed in pre-migration).

And then in `account.account` you have `allowed_journal_ids = fields.Many2many('account.journal', string="Allowed Journals"` which uses `account_account_account_journal_rel` table which is a true new feature if you analyze the odoo code.

account_account_account_journal_rel != journal_account_control_rel

Reviewer 2: I clarified the comment in the txt.

Reviewer: Oh man. I can't believe they did this. Thanks for clarifying!

Reviewer: Then again, I guess it makes sense because it can be the case that you want to restrict an account to only be used in a specific journal but at the same time do not want to restrict that journal for all other accounts.

# DONE: pre-migration: This field is the "currency_id" field from v13. It has been renamed because now, "currency_id" in v14 stores
# the "journal_currency_id" values from v13.

account      / account.bank.statement.line / is_reconciled (boolean)       : NEW isfunction: function, stored
# NOTHING TO DO: new feature. Technical field to indicate if statement line is already reconciled for display purposes.

account      / account.bank.statement.line / company_id (many2one)         : not stored anymore
account      / account.bank.statement.line / date (date)                   : not stored anymore
account      / account.bank.statement.line / date (date)                   : now related
account      / account.bank.statement.line / ref (char)                    : not stored anymore
account      / account.bank.statement.line / ref (char)                    : now related
account      / account.bank.statement.line / journal_id (many2one)         : not stored anymore
account      / account.bank.statement.line / journal_id (many2one)         : now required
# NOTHING TO DO: These fields now are in account.move

account      / account.bank.statement.line / note (text)                   : DEL

> # NOTHING TO DO

Reviewer: Do you think maybe the note contents can be appended to the related move's narration column? This field is displayed in statement line context: https://github.com/odoo/odoo/blob/14.0/addons/account/views/account_bank_statement_views.xml#L290

Reviewer 2: Not sure if we have to do the same with the communication field of account.payment

Reviewer: Ah, account.payment now also inherits from account.move. In that case I would say, yes.

Reviewer 2: done

# NOTHING TO DO: filled by Odoo

account      / account.fiscal.year      / company_id (many2one)         : DEL relation: res.company, required, req_default: function
account      / account.fiscal.year      / date_from (date)              : DEL required
account      / account.fiscal.year      / date_to (date)                : DEL required
account      / account.fiscal.year      / name (char)                   : DEL required
# NOTHING TO DO: preserve data. moved to enterprise.

account      / account.group            / _order                        : _order is now 'code_prefix_start' ('code_prefix')
account      / account.group            / code_prefix (char)            : DEL
account      / account.group            / code_prefix_end (char)        : NEW
account      / account.group            / code_prefix_start (char)      : NEW
# DONE: pre-migration: renamed code_prefix to code_prefix_start
# post-migration: assigned same start values to end field

account      / account.group            / company_id (many2one)         : NEW relation: res.company, required, req_default: function, hasdefault

> # NOTHING TO DO

Reviewer: Maybe change to TODO, because it will be the case that groups are shared between companies, for instance if this Spanish localization was installed in more than one company: https://github.com/odoo/odoo/blob/13.0/addons/l10n_es/data/account_group.xml

Reviewer 2: done, also I added script to solve the issue
